well coming to the highlight video from
my replica of Destiny's another NIGC hey
guys my name is gregory baker from
grizzly props and i just want to show
off this scout rifle i made this is
another nit see also known as another
nail in the coffin it's a legendary
scout rifle that came out during the
first DLC during the dirt below it can
be purchased from the vanguard vendors
or picked up through random loot drops
being a scout rifle it let you pick off
targets from a distance without having
to gain in too close the version I found
had a 19 round magazine and some really
cool perks and a little mid-range site
that was great for engaging targets at a
distance but also being able to take
them up close and personal if you had to
I made this out of pink insulation foam
board also known as is extruded
polystyrene it's pretty much just the
pink foam board that you put in walls
for insulation this was mainly one piece
all carved down to shape using an exacto
knife some details were later applied
with them different thicknesses a craft
foam like these rail guards the sights
all made a craft foam and the cheek
plates made of a thicker ee-vie a foam
but it's all different layers of foam
all carved and cut to shape glued onto
it and I'm really I'm pretty pleased how
this turned out it's a nice sized rifle
it feels really good in the hands it's
not too big but it's not too small
either and I don't know how but I
managed to like perfectly balance the
gun right in the middle which is kind of
crazy because I've got some pipe as
libero looking the foam all over the
place and it just gotta happen to be
perfectly balanced so I'm pretty pretty
excited
the gun was hand-painted using a various
acrylic paints features the Vanguard
logo and some orange headlights that
really make the gun pop out from the
body which is really cool I love the
paint job the minute I saw the gun in
the game was like I need to make this
gun so I saved it saved in my army even
though I'm more of a fan about auto
rifles I really really like the look of
another ni TC so I knew I just had to
make it so I know right now this guns
probably a little outdated I actually
started making it back during the first
DLC but then um at a convention coming
up and I was way way way behind on my
costume so I put this on hold so I could
finish my costume but in that time the
second DLC came out and they just
announced the taken king at e3 which
looks absolutely phenomenal I'm super
excited for that there's a whole bunch
of really cool-looking guns for the
taken King so I think I'm gonna try to
start making those maybe see if I can
make some of the first crops from the
taken king so if you haven't liked my
facebook page already you can head on
over to Facebook and search for grizzly
props or you can check out the link in
the description below i post a whole
bunch of pictures with my progress on
the guns update so here's what I'm doing
today stuff like that it's pretty fun so
if you like that kind of awesome stuff
to appear on your Facebook Timeline and
then go ahead and give it a like and if
you want to keep up with more videos
that I do feel free to subscribe to this
channel I'll be posting all kinds of
them highlight video as much like this
one I'll be posting videos of
conventions I go to and I plan on way
way way in the future starting a video
series on me and a few friends in
destiny costumes making awesome short
little films and shenanigans out in
public I know this won't be happening
for a while because I need to make three
full costumes possibly more even
being on how many people want to do it
with us and guns for everyone and stuff
like that so this is a really really
early announcement so don't expect that
anytime soon but when it happens it will
be freaking awesome so subscribe to keep
up with some dumb videos videos of my
daily life just random videos that I
feel like making I'm gonna comment below
on any guns that you'd like to see me
make in the future and also don't forget
to press the like button it really helps
us youtubers out a lot of people just
ignore the like button it's not really a
big deal on YouTube but it actually is
so take the time press the like button
right now thank you you guys are the
best my name is Gregory bacon from Bruce
Lee props and I will see you guys in the
next video